# Deploy an NFT Contract

NFT represent any piece of art, an object in the virtual or the real world, or any other non-fungible thing. Everyone can build their own NFT contract and mint their own NFTs on any EVM compatible chain mainnet.

[OpenZeppelin](https://openzeppelin.com/contracts/) has many smart contract templates and libraries as a smart contract framework. It allows you to create simple smart contracts within a minute by an online wizard.

To configure a fully functional NFT contract by some few steps, first choose ERC721, NFT standard, on the tab bar, then checking **Mintable**, **Autoincrement Ids**, and **URI storage**. The autogenerated code appear on the right side. On the setting block, token name and symbol can be set. It’s easy to deploy it to the blockchain.

By opening Remix-Ethereum IDE, the contract can be compiled there by using the Compile Contract Button and run transactions. When Injected web3 environment is choose to connect Metamask to Remix, Metamask will pop up a Confirm dialog and will confirm the transaction. Now NFT contract deploy and appear on the bottom of the left side. Contract address can be copy over the token name.

&#x20;With our brand new token contract, the NFT can be mint. When an NFT mint, a URI have to be given that it shows the NFT metadata and describes what the NFT represents. Metadata is a simple JSON file. The basic format of the JSON file is defined in ERC-721 but it is freely extendable.

Some immutable storage, like [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) is ideal storage for the NFT metadata. For uploading the NFT data and publishing it to IPFS, Pinata is a simple service. It gives 1Gb storage to upload the NFT data.

After uploading, the CID of the image will be generated that is unique identifier on the IPFS. The file can be checked through the public IPFS gateway on the [https://ipfs.io/ipfs/{cid}](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/%7Bcid%7D) URL. By the image CID, the metadata JSON can easily be created.

On the bottom of the left side of the token contract click and open on safeMint function. It has two parameters, one is the address of the NFT owner (must be different than the contract creator) and the other is the metadata URI. The URI will be ipfs://{CID of the metadataJSON}.

New NFT token will be minted through confirming the transaction in MetaMAsk. Now the NFT token is on NFT marketplace, OpenSea, where you can sell or buy NFTs on many EVM compatible chains. The URL of minted token on OpenSea is [https://opensea.io/assets/](https://opensea.io/assets/){contract address}/{NFT id}.

As you can see, without any programming experienve creating NFT contracts and minting NFTs are super simple with great tools like OpenZeppelin, Remix, or MetaMask.
